README.md, before:

# grnkclub
Greenock Speakers Club webpage
Add skeletons.

"Re-start to create CSS grid with reactive DOM using net-ninja CSS Grid tutorials"
"Completed #1 intro #2 columns #3 rows #4 grid lines #5 nested"
"Completed #4 grid lines #5 nested #6 aligning and justifying"
"Completed #7 create 12 column grid #8 create mosaic #9 grid areas not working correctly will research for latest on grid areas"
"The answer was to use grid-auto-rows and not grid-template-rows!! tutorial #9 grid areas all fine now"
"Completed #10 responsive design next look at content for speakers club"
"Quick check of situation Will come back after thoughts on layout"
"#7 Create 12 column grid and customize content and layout header aside section1 nav main section 2 footer with responsive design Add grid overlay All working!"

"Add image and title to header Create nested grid with mozaic design and rotate All working"
"Amend responsive code max 760px Download images to file"
"Remove unwanted div under header Add zoom images to section 2 and rotate 45 deg"
" "

Commit message:

Set up new html CSS and js files for new front page layout Previous files given 1 as suffix Reset zoom imgs to horiz Code new files for max 670 layout

README.md, after:

# grnkclub
Greenock Speakers Club webpage
Add skeletons.

"Re-start to create CSS grid with reactive DOM using net-ninja CSS Grid tutorials"
"Completed #1 intro #2 columns #3 rows #4 grid lines #5 nested"
"Completed #4 grid lines #5 nested #6 aligning and justifying"
"Completed #7 create 12 column grid #8 create mosaic #9 grid areas not working correctly will research for latest on grid areas"
"The answer was to use grid-auto-rows and not grid-template-rows!! tutorial #9 grid areas all fine now"
"Completed #10 responsive design next look at content for speakers club"
"Quick check of situation Will come back after thoughts on layout"
"#7 Create 12 column grid and customize content and layout header aside section1 nav main section 2 footer with responsive design Add grid overlay All working!"

"Add image and title to header Create nested grid with mozaic design and rotate All working"
"Amend responsive code max 760px Download images to file"
"Remove unwanted div under header Add zoom images to section 2 and rotate 45 deg"
"Set up new html CSS and js files for new front page layout Previous files given 1 as suffix Reset zoom imgs to horiz Code new files for max 670 layout"
